metadata.adoc: add link to the Coding rule guidelines on SonarQube (#1641)
SonarSource/rspec: docs/metadata.adoc

This document describes how `+metadata.json+` should be structured.

== `title`, `type`, `tags`, `remediation`, and `defaultSeverity`

> These fields are described in the https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extension-guide/adding-coding-rules/#coding-rule-guidelines[official sonar qube documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These fields are described in the https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extension-guide/adding-coding-rules/#coding-rule-guidelines[SonarQube documentation about adding coding rules].
```
